
### Things to get sorted before we go

1. Bikes need to be **road registered** and **licenced beyond** the Expedition end date.
2. **Original eNatis certificate** is essential to travel with owner / driver.
3. **Clearance certificate** from police station – x **3 copies**. Every Driver of every motorcycle must **list every attachment and tool on the bike** even extras such as lights. 
4. **Don't leave loose things** - Tools, GPS etc. on the bikes - bring them with you or place them in a separate bag for transporting. 
5. Get a **clearance certificate** from the police that states its not stolen and it belongs to you.
6. Prepare an **authorization letter** confirming a driver can transport it to Namibia for you.
	- *Can the above clearance / letters all be done as one ??*
7. It is up to each **bike owner to insure their own bikes** and **notify their insurer** of the trip details.
8. Mike to confirm bike trailer is insured etc.
9. Copies of key documents (passports, ID etc.) to be made.
10. Medical Aid to be notified of the trip.
11. **Bikes and documents delivered** to TBA on the TBA for loading; with 4 x labelled Tie-down straps (non Chinese - preferably narrow ratchet), Shock protector.

---


>[!Question] You want to enjoy the whole expedition, right? .... 
>> [!todo] Get your body expedition ready!! ... fitness is very important to ride for 12 days over 1,900kms (that's like the Dakar, only slower).
>
>Big difference riding for 3 days and 12 days of focused active riding!!!
> 
>Get your butt seasoned and hands hardened!... _Go for multiple long outrides_
>_Get some time in soft sand_ - you'll thank yourself later.
>_Get in some technical stuff_ to build confidence.
>>[!Warning] Injuries and exhaustion will spoil your trip ...  you don't want to end up in the support vehicle and peddling kitchen and campsite duties!!
>

